# Building polygons and fill with uniformly distributed points.

This script takes several command line arguments and an input json file to generate a couple of biasdata files for later use. And by preparing the initial structure files named like "headstrXXX"(where XXX are actual value of coordinates in this structure file), you can prepare initial configurations for large parallel simulations(e.g. REMD).


To see the usage of this script, type the following command.

```
$ python generateBiasData.py -h
  usage: generateBiasData.py [-h] [-ex] [-i [filename]] [-o [filename]] [-repid [filename]] [-sample] [-uses]

  Generate biasdata.

  optional arguments:
     -h, --help         show this help message and exit
     -ex                Generate example input file if this arg exists.
     -i [filename]      input file name.
     -o [filename]      output file name for biasdata.
     -repid [filename]  output file name for replica id list.
     -sample            Generate a series of samples for tesing if this arg exists.
     -uses              Use generated samples to create MD initial conditions.`
```

The input file specified by "-i" option includes the following json objects.
- **"initial_polygon"**: A list of tuples(len=2) representing a group of directed points forming a polygon.  
- **"intervals"**: A tuple of length 2 indicating the intervals used by x and y coordinate.
- **"sub_polygons"**: A list of polygons(same structure with initial_polygon) for sub sets generation.
- **"sample_dir"**: A string stating the path to the directory that contains structure samples.
- **"headstr"**: A string stating the format of structure sample names. structures should be stored as "headstrXXX", where XXX is the value of coordinates in this structure file. # Note the auto sampling supports only x coordinates(the very first one of the two) now. 
- **"struct_dir"**: A string stating the path where the initial configurations should be generated.

- **"x_biassec"**: A string filling up the biasdata before the autogenerated variable parameter x.
- **"y_biassec"**: A string filling up the biasdata after the autogenerated variable parameter y.
- **"tx_biassec"**: A string filling up the biasdata before the autogenerated variable parameter x in the total biasdata.
- **"ty_biassec"**: A string filling up the biasdata after the autogenerated variable parameter y in the total biasdata.

** Note that you can generate a example_input file using the "-ex" option for reference.